Add back standards position banner with agreed wording (#31942)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/page_structures/banners_and_notices/index.md

- `\{{Non-standard_Header}}` — generates a **Non-Standard** banner that indicates that use of the technology is not part of a formal specification, even if it is implemented in multiple browsers.
  Also add `status` of `non-standard` to the page front-matter.
- `\{{SecureContext_Header}}` — this generates a **Secure context** banner that indicates the technology is only available in a [secure context](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Secure_Contexts).

### Experimental: "Standards positions" banner

> A small number of features are added to MDN when browser vendors do not all agree on the direction the feature is taking, and some oppose it in its current form. When this happens, it is usually because the feature is high-profile, and MDN wishes to encourage the web community to experiment with it, provide feedback, and help the browser vendors to reach a consensus.
> 
> We think it is important to make the current status of such features clear to readers. We are currently discussing a longer-term solution for representing this information. Until that discussion is concluded, we are doing the following:
> 
> - Adding the following banner to the landing page for that feature (we don't think it necessary to add it to every subpage):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Occasionally, browser vendors disagree on how a feature is developing, and some may oppose it in its current form. In exceptional cases, MDN documents technologies in this state to encourage the web community to experiment with them, provide feedback, and help browser vendors reach a consensus.

It is important to clarify the current standardization status of such features to readers. While a longer-term solution for representing this information is not final, we are doing the following for specific high-profile technologies to avoid confusion:

- Adding this banner to the landing page for that feature (not for every subpage for the feature):
```

- `\{{Non-standard_Header}}` — generates a **Non-Standard** banner that indicates that use of the technology is not part of a formal specification, even if it is implemented in multiple browsers.
  Also add `status` of `non-standard` to the page front-matter.
- `\{{SecureContext_Header}}` — this generates a **Secure context** banner that indicates the technology is only available in a [secure context](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Secure_Contexts).

### Experimental: "Standards positions" banner

Occasionally, browser vendors disagree on how a feature is developing, and some may oppose it in its current form. In exceptional cases, MDN documents technologies in this state to encourage the web community to experiment with them, provide feedback, and help browser vendors reach a consensus.

It is important to clarify the current standardization status of such features to readers. While a longer-term solution for representing this information is not final, we are doing the following for specific high-profile technologies to avoid confusion:

- Adding this banner to the landing page for that feature (not for every subpage for the feature):

  ```text

>   > **Warning:** This feature is currently opposed by two browser vendors. See [Standards positions](#standards_positions) for details of opposition.

Reviewer 2: - Same suggestions as in "related_website_sets/index.md" file:
- Will it always be "two"?

```suggestion
  > **Warning:** This feature is currently opposed by <number> browser vendors. See the [Standards positions](#standards_positions) section below for details of opposition.
  
  Replace `<number>` with the number of browser vendors opposing the feature.
```
